#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
accelerate==0.32.1
    # via -r requirements.in
aiohttp==3.9.5
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   langchain
attrs==23.2.0
    # via aiohttp
bitsandbytes==0.43.1
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   tqdm
    #   uvicorn
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via email-validator
einops==0.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
email-validator==2.2.0
    # via fastapi
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via anyio
faiss-cpu==1.8.0.post1
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi==0.111.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi-cli==0.0.4
    # via fastapi
filelock==3.15.4
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.6.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httptools==0.6.1
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.27.0
    # via fastapi
huggingface-hub==0.23.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
intel-openmp==2021.4.0
    # via mkl
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   torch
joblib==1.4.2
    # via scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.2.7
    # via langchain-community
langchain-community==0.2.7
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.2.18
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-huggingface==0.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.2.2
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.1.85
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.21.3
    # via dataclasses-json
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mkl==2021.4.0
    # via torch
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
networkx==3.3
    # via torch
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   bitsandbytes
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
orjson==3.10.6
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   langsmith
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
    #   transformers
pillow==10.4.0
    # via sentence-transformers
psutil==6.0.0
    # via accelerate
pydantic==2.8.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
pydantic-core==2.20.1
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.18.0
    # via rich
pypdf==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via uvicorn
python-multipart==0.0.9
    # via fastapi
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   transformers
    #   uvicorn
regex==2024.5.15
    # via transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   transformers
rich==13.7.1
    # via typer
safetensors==0.4.3
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   transformers
scikit-learn==1.5.1
    # via sentence-transformers
scipy==1.14.0
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==3.0.1
    # via langchain-huggingface
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
sqlalchemy==2.0.31
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
starlette==0.37.2
    # via fastapi
sympy==1.13.0
    # via torch
tbb==2021.13.0
    # via mkl
tenacity==8.5.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.19.1
    # via
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   transformers
torch==2.3.1
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   bitsandbytes
    #   sentence-transformers
tqdm==4.66.4
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
transformers==4.42.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   sentence-transformers
typer==0.12.3
    # via fastapi-cli
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   fastapi
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pypdf
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspect
    #   uvicorn
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
ujson==5.10.0
    # via fastapi
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via requests
uvicorn[standard]==0.30.1
    # via fastapi
watchfiles==0.22.0
    # via uvicorn
websockets==12.0
    # via uvicorn
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
